All right, everybody, in this lecture, we're going to take our profile photo and make it a little
more interactive.
That's because as of 2022, you can now add a video to your profile so that when someone clicks on the
photo, it actually plays about a 15 second video.
So unfortunately, you need to have the LinkedIn app on your phone.
So if you don't already have either your Apple or Android LinkedIn downloaded on either one of those
do so now, please, because we're going to be working on this when you get to your profile on the phone.
You'll notice that there's a plus sign on your profile photo now.
You can't see that plus sign when you're on your computer using LinkedIn.
This is only through the phone.
And what we're going to do is click on that and an option will come up that says add profile.
VIDEO LinkedIn will give you a little run through about how to make a video, which is cute, so you
can also watch this little 15 second tutorial.
I'm going to zoom out of that.
Now here I am.
Oh, this is a really good angle from both angles.
So here I am.
You can see that my phone is going to be recording my self.
So essentially what we're going to do is just record a quick video.
Now my recommendation when you're recording are to do the following things.
One, make sure you're in a well-lit area.
Now, as you can see here, I've got some light boxes in my office.
You don't have to have a light box to film.
You can actually just use a really, well, sunlit window to if you've got windows on a sunny day,
use that natural light to your advantage if you've got bright lamps.
Simply move towards that light.
But the point is you want to have front facing light so that your face is well lit.
You don't want to have light behind you.
That will make the background brighter than your face and will have a hard time seeing you.
You don't have to have any fancy microphone equipment.
Just make sure you're holding the phone relatively close to your face and you're speaking into the camera
and you're enunciating well.
Next, I recommend that you have a 10 to 15 second introduction prepared before you start filming.
So if you want to save yourself a couple of minutes of cuts and awkward starts and false starts, have
your tagline written down have just a little bit something about you, even if you wanted to pull heavily
from your title on your LinkedIn.
So that would be.
I'm a virtual assistant.
I assist small and medium startups in California, and if you are starting your business and you want
to blah blah blah, the point is write that down.
Make sure you have a really specific, concise tagline written out before you start filming.
So I've got my tagline ready to go and I'm going to film for you.
I'm going to show you what this looks like and how to upload it to your profile.
So here we go.
Hi, I'm Erin.
I help virtual assistants.
You guys.
I forgot to hit the recording button.
Hi, I'm Erin.
I hope virtual assistants like you discover your niche, work with your dream clients and create a profitable
business from day one.
And I have virtual assistants like you just.
It's fine.
So there are a couple of things that we can do from here as well.
You'll see in the bottom there's a little circle indentation.
I'm going to click on that and we can add kind of little stickers and gifs.
It's not too dissimilar from something like Instagram is doing nowadays.
So we can we can add, you know, a contact me that could be a little sticker or a little contact me
right there.
We can also add our own text.
So if you wanted to include your email, we could just do something like, you know, I'm sorry.
Yes, we could do something like your email.
We could do your website.
OK?
So it could look simply something like your website, your email, maybe a call to action like, you
know, DM me or email me at.
So I'm making this very, very simple.
You can make yours as beautiful and complicated or as simple as you want.
I think the most important thing to remember about creating a video for your LinkedIn profile is that
again, it should be well lit.
You should be well-versed.
You should know exactly what it is that you want to say and not too dissimilar from your title.
I think it's best if you if you reiterate who you are, what you do.
Virtual assistant who you serve.
I serve my partners.
I serve writers.
I work with coaches and how you help them.
So just a little bit of like who I am.
This is how I'm going to help you.
This is who you are.
If you are this person, contact me all you're going to do when you're happy with your video.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
If you're not happy with your video, hit the back arrow that will erase the content and you can rerecord
yourself.
But if you are in fact happy with it, we're going to hit next.
This is the preview of what your face looks like in the circle.
We can zoom in, we can zoom out.
I can drag this down a little bit.
And then if you're happy and ready to go, shared your profile.
When a potential client or another virtual assistant gets to your page, they'll be able to click on
this photo and actually it will auto play.
The reason that we're not seeing this is because I am logged in as myself, but I will show you what
this looks like on another person.
Once again, you'll see the blue ring around this person's photo, and if I were to click on it, her
video automatically plays making a mental note myself to do exactly what tiny did and add some music.
I just want to wrap up that even though a video isn't mandatory by any means.
It is a good idea to give people an introduction to yourself, self, your services, your personality,
or you can even do what Tanya did and advertise some sort of a product or a website.
I like that she didn't even use her face.
And yet let me turn that off to the sound off.
I like that she didn't use her face, and yet we get some vital info from her.
We get her website where we can sign up for a free e-book.
We get a snapshot of what her website looks like.
I think it's actually a really cool and pretty effective way to use this 15 seconds as well.
So think through how you want to use a video for your own profile and go wild with it.
You certainly don't have to do what I did for Batum at the end of the day.
However, keep in mind that the best way to utilize any info on your LinkedIn is to reiterate who you
are, who you service, and how you are going to be the best virtual assistant for potential clients.